docs: updated all readmes, deprecated navBuilder (#194)
Jahia/javascript-modules: javascript-create-module/README.md

# @jahia/create-module

This CLI scaffolds a new Jahia JavaScript module.

## Usage

To create a new module, run:

```
npm init @jahia/module <module-name>
```

> It will create a new JavaScript Module in a directory named `module-name` in the current working directory.

Reviewer: Minor: easier to read in present tense:
```suggestion
It creates a new JavaScript Module in a directory named `module-name` in the current working directory.
```
